There was no need to create a main method.

Well done!

While not explicitly in the diagram, it is reasonable to expect that there's some purpose to passing an A as an argument to B's init method, and hence assigning B's attribute of type A inside init would make sense.

Your code does not compile because of syntax issues.

You need an invocation of init inside A's foo method.

The sequence diagram does not show the bar method creating a new object of class A. Instead, consider giving class B an attribute of type A.

For B's init method, a void return type is more plausible given that the diagram is showing return values but doesn't show one on the reply to init.

Most of the functionality in the sequence diagram is not present. Please check the solution video.

You have an unneeded and unused attribute.

Code could have been kept simpler by not having unneeded constructor declarations.

Note that while comments are generally good, you should not use them for very simple and obvious operations, as that can actually make the code less readable.

Your code does not compile because your methods are static.

The init method is entirely missing from B. The foo method in A should invoke it.

Your code does not compile due to an object being undefined.

The foo and init methods are in the wrong classes.

The diagram suggests there should not be a call to the init method within B's constructor. In fact, init is only called once, in the foo method.

The bar method should return the result of a.foo() rather than "this".

The foo method should invoke the init method by sending itself (since in the diagram, the "a" is the same as the object name).

Classes aren't properly defined. Unclear what the method Act() is or why it's needed. Most of the sequence diagram's functionality isn't properly implemented.

The foo method should return an object of type B according to the diagram.

There is superfluous/unneeded code - the goal was for the code to be as simple as possible.

Part B missing.

The first a.foo() call is not needed.

There is no if-statement shown in the diagram, and since the task was to make the simplest code possible, there should also not be an if-else statement in the code.

The returns for foo and bar were not arbitrary - they are b2, which is an object of type B.

Note that you should try to avoid using var as a type whenever you can. Here you know the types of the variables, so you can just use those.

Why does your foo send the newly created B object the bar message? There's no sign of that in the sequence diagram.
